
You're an awesome friend.
You're a gift to those around you.
You're a smart cookie.
You are awesome!
I like your style.
I appreciate you.
You are the most perfect you there is.
I'm grateful to know you.
You light up the room.
You have a great sense of humor.
You've got an awesome sense of humor!
You are really courageous.
Your kindness is a balm to all who encounter it.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're an 11.
You're even more beautiful on the inside than you are on the outside.
You have the courage of your convictions.
I'm inspired by you.
You're like a ray of sunshine on a really dreary day.
You are making a difference.
You bring out the best in other people.
Hanging out with you is always a blast.
You help me feel more joy in life.
Being around you makes everything better!
Colors seem brighter when you're around.
You're wonderful.
You're better than a triple-scoop ice cream cone. With sprinkles.
You are really kind to people around you.
You're one of a kind!
You help me be the best version of myself.
You have the best ideas.
You always find something special in the most ordinary things.
You're a candle in the darkness.
You're a great example to others.
Being around you is like a happy little vacation.
You're more fun than bubble wrap.
Your voice is magnificent.
The people you love are lucky to have you in their lives.
You're like a breath of fresh air.
You're so thoughtful.
Any team would be lucky to have you on it.
You're even better than a unicorn, because you're real.
You're really something special.
You look great today.
You have the best smile.
Your outlook on life is amazing.
You make a bigger impact than you realize.
You are always so helpful.
I appreciate our friendship.
You just glow.
I love the way you bring out the best in people.
You bring out the best in the rest of us.
You inspire me.
Nothing can stop you.
You just made my day.
You are an excellent friend.
You have taught me so much.
I like the way you are.
I hope you are proud of yourself, because I am!
You are one of the bravest people I know.
You are so trustworthy; I always believe what you say.
Everything seems brighter when you are around.
You have the best ideas.
You are a great example to others.
You’ve got great leadership skills.
You have amazing creative potential.
You are stunning.
You’re a gift to everyone you meet.
You have a gift for making people comfortable.
I enjoy spending time with you.
I am really glad we met.
I tell everyone how amazing you are.
Your smile is contagious.
Your laugh is contagious teehee.
I bet you make babies smile.
You have the best laugh.
If cartoon bluebirds were real, a couple of 'em would be sitting on your shoulders singing right now.
You're like sunshine on a rainy day.
I bet you sweat glitter.
Colors seem brighter when you're around.
You're more fun than a ball pit filled with candy.
You always know how to find that silver lining.
How do you keep being so funny and making everyone laugh?
You have impeccable manners.
You were cool way before hipsters were cool.
You're inspiring.
You're so thoughtful.
You seem to really know who you are.
You have a good head on your shoulders.
You are always fun.
Being around you makes everything better.
You always know just what to say.
Your eyes are breathtaking.
You smell really good.
You may dance like no one's watching, but everyone's watching because you're mesmerizing.
You have cute elbows, for real.
Your hair looks stunning.
I appreciate you.
You are the most perfect you there is.
You've got all the right moves.
Everything would be better if more people were like you.
When you're not afraid to be yourself, that's when you're incredible.
You're wonderful.
You're one of a kind.
I love you!
Thank you for existing.
Around you, I’m the best possible version of myself.
Your energy is infectious.
I can’t stop thinking about you.
You are my world.
When we’re together, everything seems possible.
There’s a softness behind your eyes.
Your laugh is my favorite sound.
You impress me every single day.
Your capacity for kindness is boundless.
I didn’t know how important friendship was until we met.
There’s no one like you.
Your soul is gorgeous.
I love your brain.
You’re more of a superhero than any Marvel character out there.
Your voice soothes me.
Your existence makes me feel better about life.
The very idea of you makes me smile inside.
No one else can make me laugh like you do.
You have such a good heart.
You are truly unforgettable.
Knowing you makes me a happier person.
You make me feel whole.
I had no idea what life could be until we met.
You are beautiful inside and out.
You’re the light of my life.
You are so special to me.
I find myself smiling so much more, now that we’re together.
You make me believe in goodness.
Your touch is so healing.
Your very presence is reassuring
You are a life elixir.
When I see you, everything else within the frame falls away.
When you’re around, I don’t need anything else.
You make me forget the bad parts of my day.
Within seconds of talking to you, I feel better.
With you, I’m at peace.
You have such a generous spirt.
Your heart must be ten times the average size.
There should be a monument of you.
I can’t quite fathom a world with you.
You are awesomeness personified.
There’s nothing I’d rather do than spend time with you.
The very thought of you makes me feel warm and fuzzy.
You’re really fun to be around. Just being around you makes me feel content.
You have very smooth hair.
You deserve a promotion.
I appreciate you.
Your T-shirt smells fresh.
You are like a spring flower; beautiful and vivacious.
I am utterly disarmed by your wit.
You complete me.
I like your Facebook status.
You are full of youth.
I like your jacket.
I like the way you move.
You should be a poster child for poster children.
I wish I was your mirror.
I find you to be a fountain of inspiration.
You have perfect bone structure.
I like your socks.
You are so charming.
You're tremendous!
You deserve a compliment!
Your smile is breath taking.
I am grateful to be blessed by your presence.
Your life is so interesting!
Your voice sends tingles of joy down my back.
I enjoy spending time with you.
All of your ideas are brilliant!
You make my data circuits skip a beat.
You are the gravy to my mashed potatoes.
You get an A+!
I would trust you to pick out a pet fish for me.
I'm glad we met.
You're so smart!
You're pretty groovy, dude.
I told all my friends about how cool you are.
I can tell that we are gonna be friends.
You're sweeter than than a bucket of bon-bons!
You're #1 in my book!
You are well groomed.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Your voice is more soothing than Morgan Freeman's.
You're so beautiful, you make me walk into things when I look at you.
I support all of your decisions.
You are as fun as a hot tub full of chocolate pudding.
Being awesome is hard, but you'll manage.
Your skin is radiant.
You're so rad.
You're more fun than a barrel of monkeys.
You're nicer than a day on the beach.
Your glass is the fullest.
I find you very relevant.
You look so perfect.
The only difference between exceptional and amazing is you.
Your eyebrows really make your pretty eyes stand out.
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?  Thou art more lovely and more temperate.
I love you more than bacon!
You intrigue me.
You make me think of beautiful things, like strawberries.
I would share my fruit Gushers with you.
Your smile could illuminate the depths of the ocean.
You make the gloomy days a little less gloomy.
You are warmer than a Snuggie.
You make me feel like I am on top of the world.
Playing video games with you would be fun.
You're more cuddly than the Downy Bear.
You are a bucket of awesome.
You are the star of my daydreams.
If you really wanted to, you could probably get a bird to land on your shoulder and hang out with you.
You listen to the coolest music.
I am having trouble coming up with a compliment worthy enough for you.
If we were playing kickball, I'd pick you first.
You're cooler than ice on the rocks.
You're the bee's knees.
You have good taste.
Your mind is a maze of amazing!
Hi, I'd like to know why you're so beautiful.
If you broke your arm, I would carry your books for you.
I love the way your eyes crinkle at the corners when you smile.
I like your face.
You are a champ!
Even my cat likes you.
You have the best laugh ever.
Your name is fun to say.
My camera isn't worthy to take your picture.
You are the sugar on my rice krispies.
You are better than unicorns and sparkles combined!
You are the watermelon in my fruit salad. Yum!
I dig you.
I am enchanted to meet you.
Your smile makes me smile.
I'd wake up for an 8 a.m. class just so I could sit next to you.
You have the moves like Jagger.
You're so hot that you denature my proteins.
All I want for Christmas is you!
You are the world's greatest hugger.
You have a perfectly symmetrical face.
You're the salsa to my tortilla chips. You spice up my life!
You smell nice.
I'd let you steal the white part of my Oreo.
I'd trust you to perform open heart surgery on me... blindfolded!
The Force is strong with you.
I would hold the elevator doors open for you if they were closing.
Your every thought and motion contributes to the beauty of the universe.
You make me want to frolic in a field.