Male privilege is a myth.
Garfield is anime.
Milk is cereal sauce.
Tacos are just Mexican hotdogs.
I'm not looking to be found.
I left my head and my heart on the dance floor.
It's a real good life. 
We are mortal bodies with timeless souls. 
I'm not limiting myself to just one single door.
I can keep a secret if you can keep me guessing.
I am a loudspeaker.
I'm not a businessman.
I am a politician. 
Bush did 9/11.
I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go.
I was made for all of this.
I believe there's a god above me.
I'm just the god of everything else.
I ain't a killer but don't push me. 
I'm an ordinary person but I'm paid.
I don't think I'm all this or that, but I'm all me.
I sport New Balance sneakers to avoid a narrow path.
I live my whole life backwards.
Fortnite is only popular because it's free.
Hot dogs are sandwiches.
Bowling balls are gloves.
Milk is any white edible liquid.
I live for the applause.
It begins to explode.
The radio station disappears.
Music turned into thin air.
The DJ was the last to leave.
I see the ocean come crashing under lavender skies.
Life is meaningless.
In Heaven His throne is made of gold.
All history does is unfold.
God isn't real.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Wednesday is hump day.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
I will never be this young again ever.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
I still remember it quite vividly.
Never share any personal information online.
Don't believe everything you read on the Internet.
Buzz Lightyear was in denial of being a toy but still froze when humans were around.
If two people on opposite sides of the world simultaneously drop a piece of bread, then the earth briefly becomes a sandwich.
If you clean a vacuum cleaner, are you a vacuum cleaner?
I wonder if I've ever bought milk from the same cow twice.
For every documentary with a guy that climbs Mount Everest, there is a guy that climbs Mount Everest carrying a camera.
Volleyball is just a more intense version of don't let the balloon touch the floor.
A piano is just a hammer hitting a violin over and over again.
Scuba divers are just sea astronauts.
Textbooks have a lower proportion of text than the average book.
Caterpillars don't look like cats or pillars.
Cups are tall bowls.
The illuminati is real.
The government is full of reptiles.
I'm having a constant existential crisis.
I believe in Bitcoin.
I want you to stay, even though you don't want me.
Guess I was just another pit stop 'til you made up your mind, you just wasted my time.
Imagine losing somebody you love and they're not even dead.
Tchaikovsky's First Piano Concerto, like the first pancake, is a flop. 
Of all the nations, Germany is probably the least corrupted by the lust of conquest.
The cinema is little more than a fad. 
It's canned drama.
You will be home before the leaves have fallen from the trees.
The worst is likely to be behind us.
A man or woman unable to walk 10 miles at a stretch is a weakling.
We will bury you.
Telephones will bring peace on earth.
Phones have eliminated Southern accents.
The Internet revolutionized surgery. 
There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home.
Education should be free.
Pluto is a planet.
Drugs are bad.
Vaping is perfectly healthy.
The world is not ending.
I am tired.
I always use incognito.
Tide Pods are delicious.